c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\Tín Phát Metech.exe.config
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\Tín Phát Metech.exe
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\Tín Phát Metech.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v19.2.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v19.2.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.2.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v19.2.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.2.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\obj\Debug\Tín Phát Metech.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\obj\Debug\Tín_Phát_Metech.MainView.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\obj\Debug\Tín_Phát_Metech.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\obj\Debug\Tín Phát Metech.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\obj\Debug\Tín Phát Metech.exe.licenses
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\obj\Debug\Tín Phát Metech.exe
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\obj\Debug\Tín Phát Metech.pdb
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\obj\Debug\Tín_Phát_Metech.FormShow.resources
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.2.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.2.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.2.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.2.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v19.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v19.2.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.2.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.2.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.2.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.2.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v19.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.2.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.2.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.WinterJoySkin.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v19.2.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.2.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.2.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v19.2.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v19.2.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v19.2.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v19.2.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Tín Phát Metech\Tín Phát Metech\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v19.2.resources.dll
